update user guide for coll tuned rules file v2 (#12932)
open-mpi/ompi: docs/tuning-apps/coll-tuned.rst

One may provide rules for as many collectives, communicator sizes, and message
sizes as desired. Simply repeat the sections as needed and adjust the relevant
count parameters.  One must always provide a rule for message size of zero.
Message size rules are expected in ascending order. The last parameters in the
message size rule may or may not be used and have different meaning depending
on the collective and algorithm. The first two parameters in the rule following

> the algorithm id, `topo` and `segment size`, are always required. In version 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the algorithm ID, `topo` and `segment size`, are always required. In version 2
```

Author: fixed

of the file format a third parameter, `max requests`, may also be provided. A

> release of OpenMPI at least v5.0.7 or v4.1.8 is required for version 2 features.

Reviewer: I know this is a nit, but the official name of the project is "Open MPI" (with a space).  We have to get that correct in the docs.  😄 

```suggestion
release of Open MPI at least v5.0.7 or v4.1.8 is required for version 2 features.
```

Author: fixed

The file format version specifier, `rule-file-version-N` where N is an integer
greater or equal to 1, should appear on the first line of the file.  If the
version specifier is not present, the file format is assumed to be version 1.

> Version 2 or greater is required to use the `max requests` parameter. OpenMPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2 or greater is required to use the `max requests` parameter. Open MPI
```

Author: fixed

> releases older than v5.0.7 and v4.1.8 do not support the file format version

Reviewer: Open MPI v4.1.8 does not exist, and may never exist (unless there's a strong need, v4.1.7 may well be the last v4.1.x version released).

> identifier. When using older releases of OpenMPI do not include a version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identifier. When using older releases of Open MPI do not include a version
```

Author: fixed
